= require_assets

Ruby on Rails helpers to add asset links to views. Extracted from merb-assets Merb plugin.

== Quick overview of the API

* {RequireAssets::Helpers#require_js require_js} is smart(-er) way to do includes just once per page no matter how many times partial use it.
* {RequireAssets::Helpers#require_css require_css} is like require_js but for CSS. 
* {RequireAssets::Helpers#include_required_js include_required_js} generates script tags for previously included files.
* {RequireAssets::Helpers#include_required_css include_required_css} generates link tags for previously included files.

== Examples

{RequireAssets::Helpers#require_js require_js} and {RequireAssets::Helpers#require_css require_css},  {RequireAssets::Helpers#include_required_js include_required_js} and {RequireAssets::Helpers#include_required_css include_required_css} require assets just once:

In your application layout:

  include_required_js
 
In your controller layout:
 
  require_js 'posts'

The require_js method can be used to require any JavaScript file anywhere in your templates. Regardless of how many times a single script is included with require_js, it will only be included once in the header.

  # File: app/views/layouts/application.html.erb

  <html>
    <head>
      <%= include_required_js %>
      <%= include_required_css %>
    </head>
    <body>
     <%= yield %>
    </body>
  </html>
 
  # File: app/views/whatever/index.html.erb

  <% require_js  'this' -%>
  <% require_css 'that', 'another_one' -%>
 
   # Will generate the following in the final page...
   <html>
     <head>
       <script src="/javascripts/this.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
       <link href="/stylesheets/that.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
       <link href="/stylesheets/another_one.css" media="screen" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
     </head>
     .
     .
     .
   </html>		

